.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH OH-SHEEVA-SETUP 1 "March  15, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
oh-sheeva-setup \- setup a Sheevaplug with the Openhome firmware and OS
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBoh-sheeva-setup\fP [\fIoptions\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBoh-sheeva-setup\fP utility will program a Sheevaplug unit with all the 
required Openhome OS software. 
.br
It will download and reprogram the bootloader, Linux kernel and filesystem with the 
latest images available from the Openhome repositories.
.PP
The program communicates with the Sheevaplug through both the serial console and the network.
.SH OPTIONS
It accepts the following options:
.TP
\fB\-d
Display debug output. This option turns on the debugging features of the Perl Expect module.
.TP
\fB\-h
Display a help screen and quit.
.TP
\fB\-l \fIdownload_dir\fP
Path to the directory where the software will be downloaded. The default is: /tmp.
.TP
\fB\-n
Do not download any software images. Useful if the required files have already been downloaded.
.TP
\fB\-p \fIdevice_name\fP
Serial console device to use. The default is: /dev/ttyUSB0.
.TP
\fB\-s \fIpath\fP
Path to the file for logging all serial console messages. 
.br
If 'stdout' is specified then all messages are displayed in the standard output.
.TP
\fB\-u \fIdownload_url\fP
The URL for the Openhome software repository. The default is: http://www.openhome.org/build/node/nightly/main.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by the Openhome Team <admin@openhome.org>.

